here goes for pause here and today we'll
be taking a look at some counters from
Lu Gong Wu Kong defines a champion who
can snowball so showing him down early
is crucial thankfully to make this a
little easier his lame face isn't too
great he likes sustained and convenient
amount of problems if he spams his
abilities but don't made the mistake to
underestimate him this kid brings a lot
of damage and a crafty escape reuse of
decoy so let's talk about some counties
starting with Kenan Kenan is a great
lane bully who can have used many top
laners aim to focus much as possible
produce a hundred shuriken electrical
surge and all two attacks as you chip
away wukong self will be forced to bear
whose health potions this will put him
under a lot of pressure so take
advantage of this by joining him off of
the minions to deny him experience and
creep score if it gets to the stage
where he's forced to last hit with
Nimbus strike you will slowly run out of
mana and be forced to base early rush
rhees onions in the same phase so that
you can use it to avoid taking damage
from cyclone when mid game rolls round
the sin is probably the most common
known counter to work on juicy that you
can reveal style two units upon being
here by Eva sonic wave a tempest Wukong
will become revealed most decoy can be
rendered useless however this is not the
only reason leasing is a strong pig you
can outdraw Wukong by rotating through
his abilities to keep rocking his
passive flurry and furthermore unlike
crew Kong listen as in bill sustain
feasibility iron will when will come
begins casting is ultimate you can
retaliate with dragons rage to prevent
some damage and easily disengage dragons
rage can be used throughout the game to
reposition wukong just take care to not
kick him into an ally if you choose
renetta soon you must believe you come
from the get-go with good range
management you'll be able to out rate mu
Kong consistently your biggest concern
will be accidentally using an empowered
ruthless predator on its decoy so try to
predict when you obey you it's worth
noting that wamuu Kong decoys he will
still probably be in range for an
empowered call the meek also call the
meat healing effect will proc off of
hitting the decoy on top of generating
some extra fury for notes in this Lane
should be one-sided as long as renekton
doesn't fall to an early gang next up is
Riven Riven is an excellent duelist and
thanks to her abilities have been rather
short cooldowns you can apply constant
pressure to wukong you should focus on
early aggression as this is where Riven
shines real calm should never be able to
control
trade if he decides to Nimbus strike on
to you retaliate with key birds to turn
the trade around upon reaching level 6
you should not underestimate wukong
skilled potential so don't linger around
in the lane with low health but overall
upon building some live steel volumes
such as blood first they should be a
little that work on can do in a 1vs1
scenario when playing run ball remember
that until around level for you are
relatively weak so focus on farming with
electro harpoon and using the scrap
shield to block any of them who comes
for us after reaching level four you can
begin to counter a room Kong when he
named the strikes on to you tank through
with scrap shield activate flame spear
and trade him back it's common for
Wukong to pop decoy and if this is the
case simply run where you think you'll
be and then shoot some electro harpoons
into him as it becomes visible if we
work on attempts and all in trade
consider standing on top of your
ultimate that equalizer I see will be
forced to either fight you on top of it
or leave the trade the equalizer deals
huge damage if the enemy decides to stay
on it for long enough well she should be
able to turn around most trades if he
doesn't choose to disengage and finally
Xin Zhao this lame phase will never be a
hit or miss it's in shall only excels if
you begins to snowball in knowing this
you have to play aggressive and trade
often drawing your trade when you
activate free talent strike Wukong will
probably use the equation attempt to get
away when this happens similar to with
Rumble try to follow him and re-engage
with audacious charge upon mu can become
invisible also similar to listen you can
deny work on the cyclone by knocking him
away with present sweep as long as he
hasn't been currently marked with your
passive challenge this is great for
quickly peeling them off with your
squishy late game my general tip for
dealing with wukong is to always carry a
vision ward this vision ward can be used
to kill wukong if he attempts to escape
on a tiny bit of help or join a team
fight to prevent his decoy from allowing
him to reposition to conclude wukong
does have a great lame phase so you
should aim to punish him early he does
scale really well into endgame so
prolonged in reaching that stage by
zoning and denying if you enjoyed this
episode of counted or learn something
new feel free to leave it like down
below and as always feel free to come
check out my channel how to top lane if
you want to further improve as a player
in the next episode of counted we'll be
taking a look at shen so until next time
guys take care
you